---
title: "An Uncertain Preface"
date: 2026-01-19
categories:
  - blog
---

Throughout my academic journey, I have consistently regarded knowledge as a unified, interconnected whole across disciplines. In practice, however, I have treated philosophy and cybersecurity as distinct domains. In certain respects, this kind of severance is justified: in a superficial sense, cybersecurity emphasizes technicality, whereas philosophy is rooted in abstract reasoning.
As I enter my final year of studies, it seems only natural to synthesize these two fields and identify their points of intersection. This, to me, seems like a worthwhile endeavor that will require drawing from deeper insights within these domains. My writing adopts a philosophical style but is anchored in factual knowledge. I do not claim to have uncovered the ultimate truth of the 
universe, nor even my personal truth; rather, my objective is to cultivate a holistic understanding of the knowledge I have acquired over the years.I have been fortunate enough to have my perceptions challenged and unraveled, and I aspire to extend this to those who are curious to undertake similar reflection.This blog may remain obscure; however, I trust that those who encounter it 
will be inspired to engage in deeper reflection on the ethical considerations inherent in cybersecurity and artificial intelligence. Above all, I hope my readers will become comfortable engaging with my ideas and accept that they may be more perplexed than assured of their understanding. If there is one constant lesson I have learned, it is the importance of the unknown. 
